One two three four.
PERFECT SKIN TREATMENT
THE MATERIALS ARE OBTAINED IN YOUR LOCAL PHARMACY
SOFT ELECTRICAL TEETH BRUSH
EXFOLIATING POMADA
SUGGESTION
ASPIRIN
OR THE POLISHED STRONG ANTI-ASPEREZAS DE L'OREAL
OR THE MICRODERMABRAMASION AND PEEL CHEMICAL REGENERIST OF OLAY
BEGINS WITH THE CLEAN FACE
APPLY THE EXFOLIATING POMADA ABOVE YOUR FACE
COVER YOUR FACE IN A COUPLE FORM
TAKE YOUR ELECTRIC TOOTHBRUSH, TURN IT ON AND BEGIN TO RUB
THIS EXFOLIATES YOUR SKIN AS PARTNER AND CONSISTENTLY
THIS REMOVES ACCUMULATION IN YOUR SKIN AND HELPS CLEAR THE PORES
BE SURE TO TREAT THE NOSE ZONE
USES A CIRCULAR MOVEMENT
WASH YOUR FACE
SEE IT WITH A TOWEL
APPLY TONER ON YOUR SKIN
HUME YOUR SKIN
MAKE SURE YOU HAVE SOLAR PROTECTION!
FINISHED!
YOUR SKIN SHOULD SEE AND FEEL CLEAN
SKIN THAT BREATHES WITH REFINED PORES AND NO BLACK POINTS
LUCK FOR EVERYONE I HOPE YOU HELP